This is a list of some things to do:

- update of text and pbars, labels seems to be void or not utf8
- skip/retry button

- suggestions of 	"Travis Evans" <travisgevans@earthlink.net>:
<<
Hi. I just wanted to make a few suggestions and report some things that 
appear to be bugs. Let me know if more information is needed, or if I 
misunderstood something.

Thanks for the nice work!

TiLP 6.74
SuSE Linux Pro 9.1
Kernel 2.6.4-52
Cable: Sliverlink
TI-89: AMS 2.09
TI-86: ROM 1.4
I also have a TI-82 and TI-85, but I haven't tested them with TiLP yet.

SUGGESTIONS:

* When transmission errors occur, it would be nice to have Retry and 
Skip buttons for backups or sending/receiving multiple files. When TI 
Connect encounters an error, it gives a Retry button that tries the 
operation again starting with the variable where the error occurred, and 
a Skip button that continues the operation but skips the file where the 
error occurred.

This would be especially welcome in TiLP for Silverlink users (like me), 
because sometimes errors occur due to the cable's strange behavior. If a 
problem occurs in the middle of a backup, for instance, I could just 
Retry with the same file and not have to start the whole transfer over 
again. If one particular file seems to cause problems, I could use Skip 
to skip that file and continue with the rest of the files, without 
having to cancel and select the other files by hand.

* Selecting multiple files is a little strange. Ctrl and Shift keys while 
clicking in the lists work as expected, but unlike with other programs 
like Konqueror, I cannot use both Ctrl and Shift at the same time. TiLP 
acts like I only pressed Ctrl. It would be nice if Ctrl+Shift worked as 
in many programs.

Also, when I have multiple files selected and try to drag them, it 
erases my selection. If I hold Ctrl while dragging, it doesn't erase the 
selection, but it toggles the state of the file where I started 
dragging. This is somewhat confusing. (In other words, dragging should 
not also count as clicking.)

* Items like "Screen" and "Operating system" do not appear to be 
selectable. It took me a while to figure out how to transfer these 
items. Since they are not highlighted when clicked, I did not know I 
could still drag them to the righthand pane (to transfer them to the 
computer).

PROBLEMS:

TI-89--

* Every time I send a variable to my TI-89:

1. TiLP always gets a list of the files on the calc, even if I already 
did it (which is time-consuming)
2. It tells me "The following variable(s) exist(s) on calculator" even 
when they don't. The list showing the variables is blank, because the 
variables do not exist on the calculator. Usually picking Overwrite will 
send the files without problems, but it's annoying.

+ = done.
* = in progress.
- = to do...
